src/website/src/pages/ec/harmonised-templates/site-header/docs/group1.mdx, before:

---
title: Group 1
order: 1
---

import { Paragraph, Anatomy, Link } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">
  The Harmonised group 1 site header is present on every page. It communicates
  the European Commission brand and provides basic structure and guidance, to be
  placed at the top of the page.
</Paragraph>

## Anatomy

<Anatomy
  image="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/HarmonisedTemplate/harmonised-1-site-header.png"
  alt="Anatomy of harmonised group 1 site header"
  legend={{
    items: [
      {
        color: '#404040',
        label: 'mandatory',
      },
      {
        color: '#004494',
        label: 'optional',
      },
    ],
  }}
  system="ec"
  selectedKind="components-site-headers-harmonised"
  selectedStory="group-1"
/>

| Component                                                                               | Mandatory          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| European Commission logo                                                                | yes                | logo of the European Commission                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| login                                                                                   | contextual&nbsp;\* | login component for ECAS account<br />\* use a Login component if your website has a user database                                                                                                                                |
| language select                                                                         | contextual&nbsp;\* | language select component through which users can select their desired language, on the left of the search form<br />\* use a Language select component if your website supports multilingual content                             |
| <Link to="/ec/components/forms/search-form/usage/" standalone>Europa search form</Link> | contextual&nbsp;\* | enables the user to search and retrieve related information from the database using keywords                                                                                                                                      |
| class name                                                                              | contextual&nbsp;\* | banner indicating the parent class under which the site falls<br />\* use a Class name component if the website you are creating or updating falls under one of the classes on the <Link to="/ec/core-template/">Core site</Link> |
| site name                                                                               | yes                | name of the site                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| <Link to="/ec/components/navigation/menu/usage/" standalone>menu</Link>                 | contextual&nbsp;\* | main navigation of the website                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

<Paragraph size="s">
  * <strong>Contextual</strong> – elements that may or may not feature on a
  page, depending on the communication and/or functional needs – for example,
  Login. Where the element features, use the ECL component.
</Paragraph>

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one Site header per page

## When to use

- always use a Site header when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the <Link to="/ec/standardised-template/">Standardised</Link> or <Link to="/ec/core-template/">Core</Link> category

Commit message:

feat(docs): Update harmonised group 1 site header usage page (#1914)
* feat(docs): Update harmon—g1-site-header usage page

Update contextual to optional in anatomy structure table
Remove contextual paragraph beneath the table

* feat(docs): Site header harmonised group 1, fixes with prettier

Co-authored-by: planctus <davidepuntoferrante@gmail.com>

src/website/src/pages/ec/harmonised-templates/site-header/docs/group1.mdx, after:

---
title: Group 1
order: 1
---

import { Paragraph, Anatomy, Link } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">
  The Harmonised group 1 site header is present on every page. It communicates
  the European Commission brand and provides basic structure and guidance, to be
  placed at the top of the page.
</Paragraph>

## Anatomy

<Anatomy
  image="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/HarmonisedTemplate/harmonised-1-site-header.png"
  alt="Anatomy of harmonised group 1 site header"
  legend={{
    items: [
      {
        color: '#404040',
        label: 'mandatory',
      },
      {
        color: '#004494',
        label: 'optional',
      },
    ],
  }}
  system="ec"
  selectedKind="components-site-headers-harmonised"
  selectedStory="group-1"
/>

| Component                                                                               | Mandatory | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| European Commission logo                                                                | yes       | logo of the European Commission                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| login                                                                                   | optional  | login component for ECAS account<br />\* use a Login component if your website has a user database                                                                                                                                |
| language select                                                                         | optional  | language select component through which users can select their desired language, on the left of the search form<br />\* use a Language select component if your website supports multilingual content                             |
| <Link to="/ec/components/forms/search-form/usage/" standalone>Europa search form</Link> | optional  | enables the user to search and retrieve related information from the database using keywords                                                                                                                                      |
| class name                                                                              | optional  | banner indicating the parent class under which the site falls<br />\* use a Class name component if the website you are creating or updating falls under one of the classes on the <Link to="/ec/core-template/">Core site</Link> |
| site name                                                                               | yes       | name of the site                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| <Link to="/ec/components/navigation/menu/usage/" standalone>menu</Link>                 | optional  | main navigation of the website                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one Site header per page

## When to use

- always use a Site header when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the <Link to="/ec/standardised-template/">Standardised</Link> or <Link to="/ec/core-template/">Core</Link> category
