src/website/src/pages/ec/harmonised-templates/site-header/docs/group3.md, before:

---
title: Group 3
order: 2
---

import { Anatomy, Link, Paragraph } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">
  The Harmonised group 3 site header is present on every page. It communicates
  the site brand brand and provides basic structure and guidance, to be placed
  at the top of the page.
</Paragraph>

## Anatomy

<Anatomy
image="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/HarmonisedTemplate/harmonised-3-header.png"
alt="Anatomy of harmonised group 3 footer"
legend={{
    items: [
      {
        color: '#404040',
        label: 'mandatory',
      },
      {
        color: '#004494',
        label: 'optional',
      },
    ],
  }}
system="ec"
selectedKind="components-footers-harmonised"
selectedStory="group-3"
/>

| Component        | Mandatory | Description             |
| ---------------- | --------- | ----------------------- |
| partnership logo | no        | logo of the partnership |
| site name        | yes       | name of the site        |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one Site header per page

## When to use

- always use the appropriate Site header when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/group1/">Harmonised group 1</Link> and <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/group2/">2</Link> category

Commit message:

feat(EC Usage pages for components): update EC Usage pages for components “ec_site_header_harmonised_g3”

src/website/src/pages/ec/harmonised-templates/site-header/docs/group3.md, after:

---
title: Group 3
order: 2
---
![](/cms-images/soon-to-be-deprecated-image.png)

### Notice

From release 3.3 onwards, the individual templates (Core, Standardised & Harmonised) can be found on the ECL **as configurations of the structurally merged components** (Site header, Page header & Footer), which now have a single, dedicated page. Concurrently, the EWG (Europa Web Guide) has also been updated to better accommodate information regarding the optionality of components & elements per site type. Please follow the corresponding links found in the table below for more information.

| Knowledge base                 | New location                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| EWG (Europa web guide)         | [Guidelines for EC branded Harmonised websites - Site header(s)](https://wikis.ec.europa.eu/display/WEBGUIDE/EC+branded+harmonised+websites+design) |
| ECL (Europa component library) | [EC Site header component - Harmonised config.](https://v3--europa-component-library.netlify.app/ec/components/site-wide/site-header/code/)         |

The Harmonised group 3 site header is present on every page. It communicates
the site brand brand and provides basic structure and guidance, to be placed
at the top of the page.

## Anatomy

| Component        | Mandatory | Description             |
| ---------------- | --------- | ----------------------- |
| partnership logo | no        | logo of the partnership |
| site name        | yes       | name of the site        |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one Site header per page

## When to use

- always use the appropriate Site header when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the Harmonised group 1 and 2 category
