src/website/src/pages/ec/core-template/footer/docs/usage.md, before:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
The core footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media, contact information and links to other important sites within the European Commission ecosystem, to be placed at the bottom of the page.

## Anatomy

>

![](/cms-images/core-footer.jpg)

| Component             | Mandatory | Description                                                               |
| --------------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| site name             | yes       | site's name                                                               |
| content owner details | yes       | indicates ownership over the site's content                               |
| class navigation      | yes       | provides the user with navigation through class names                     |
| service navigation    | yes       | contains services links - consistent throughout the family sites          |
| legal navigation      | yes       | contains legal information links - consistent throughout the family sites |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one footer per page

## When to use

- always use a footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the standardised category

Commit message:

feat(EC Usage pages for components): update EC Usage pages for components “ec_footer_core” (#2115)
Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS.

src/website/src/pages/ec/core-template/footer/docs/usage.md, after:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
The core footer provides supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media, contact information and links to other important sites within the European Commission ecosystem. It is always placed at the bottom of every page.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/core-footer.png)

| Components                                                   | Mandatory | Optional |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | -------- |
| **Site name**                                                | yes       | no       |
| **Content owner details**<br />Ownership of the site content | yes       | no       |
| **Class navigation**<br />Navigation through class names     | yes       | no       |
| **Service navigation**<br />Provide service links            | yes       | no       |
| **Legal navigation**                                         | yes       | no       |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one footer per page

## When to use

- always use a footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under a different category of the Europa family
