src/website/src/pages/eu/core-template/index.md, before:

---
order: 4
title: Core template
---
## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/eu_core_1140.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Mandatory | Optional |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- |
| **Global banner**<br />The global banner is the official EU stamp; the content on Europa comes genuinely from the EU                                                                                                                            | yes       | no       |
| **Site header**<br />The core site header is present on every page. It contains the branding of europa.eu                                                                                                                                       | yes       | no       |
| **Page header**<br />The page header is composed of several mandatory and optional elements. See core page header page for detailed information                                                                                                 | yes       | no       |
| **Footer**<br />The core footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media, contact information and links to other inter-institutions within the European Union ecosystem. | yes       | no       |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- do not replace pages only on existing websites, this must be done at a site level

## When to use

- content is part of europa.eu

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that are not part of europa.eu

Commit message:

feat(Europa family for EU): update Europa family for EU “eu_core_template” (#2476)
Co-authored-by: vlad.omete <vlad.omete@ext.ec.europa.eu>

src/website/src/pages/eu/core-template/index.md, after:

---
order: 4
title: Core template
---
![](/cms-images/screenshot-2022-04-13-at-11.40.03.png)

### Notice

From release 3.3 onwards, the individual templates (Core, Standardised & Harmonised) can be found on the ECL **as configurations of the structurally merged components** (Site header, Page header & Footer), which now have a single, dedicated page. Concurrently, the EWG (Europa Web Guide) has also been updated to better accommodate information regarding the optionality of components & elements per site type. Please follow the corresponding links found in the table below for more information.

| Knowledge base                 | New location                                                                                                          |                                                                                                               |                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ECL (Europa component library) | [EU Site header - Core config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/eu/components/site-header/usage/#core)         | [EU Page header - Core config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/eu/components/page-header/usage/#core) | [EU Footer - Core config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/eu/components/footer/usage/#core) |
| EWG (Europa web guide)         | [Guidelines for EU branded Core websites](https://wikis.ec.europa.eu/display/WEBGUIDE/02.+EU+branded+websites+design) |                                                                                                               |                                                                                                     |

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/eu_core_1140.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Mandatory | Optional |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- |
| **Global banner**<br />The global banner is the official EU stamp; the content on Europa comes genuinely from the EU                                                                                                                            | yes       | no       |
| **Site header**<br />The core site header is present on every page. It contains the branding of europa.eu                                                                                                                                       | yes       | no       |
| **Page header**<br />The page header is composed of several mandatory and optional elements. See core page header page for detailed information                                                                                                 | yes       | no       |
| **Footer**<br />The core footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media, contact information and links to other inter-institutions within the European Union ecosystem. | yes       | no       |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- do not replace pages only on existing websites, this must be done at a site level

## When to use

- content is part of europa.eu

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that are not part of europa.eu
