src/website/src/pages/ec/harmonised-templates/footer/docs/group3.md, before:

---
title: Group 3
order: 3
---

import { Anatomy, Link, Paragraph } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">
  The Harmonised footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary
  information about the partnerships.
</Paragraph>

## Anatomy

<Anatomy
image="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/HarmonisedTemplate/harmonised-3-footer.png"
alt="Anatomy of harmonised group 3 footer"
legend={{
    items: [
      {
        color: '#404040',
        label: 'mandatory',
      },
      {
        color: '#004494',
        label: 'optional',
      },
    ],
  }}
system="ec"
selectedKind="components-footers-harmonised"
selectedStory="group-3"
/>

| Component                | Mandatory | Description                                                                                       |
| ------------------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| partnership label        | yes       | customisable label                                                                                |
| partnership logo         | no        | logo of the Partnerships involved. More than one can be added in front of the European Commission |
| European Commission logo | yes       | logo of the European Commission, always the last one on the right                                 |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one Footer per page

## When to use

- always use a Footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/group1/">Harmonised group 1</Link> and <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/group2/">2</Link> category

Commit message:

feat(EC Usage pages for components): update EC Usage pages for components “ec_footer_harmonised_g3” (#2481)

src/website/src/pages/ec/harmonised-templates/footer/docs/group3.md, after:

---
title: Group 3
order: 3
---

![](/cms-images/soon-to-be-deprecated-image.png)

### Notice

From release 3.3 onwards, the individual templates (Core, Standardised & Harmonised) can be found on the ECL **as configurations of the structurally merged components** (Site header, Page header & Footer), which now have a single, dedicated page. Concurrently, the EWG (Europa Web Guide) has also been updated to better accommodate information regarding the optionality of components & elements per site type. Please follow the corresponding links found in the table below for more information.

| Knowledge base                 | New location                                                                                                                                   |
| ------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| EWG (Europa web guide)         | [Guidelines for EC branded Harmonised websites - Footer(s)](https://wikis.ec.europa.eu/display/WEBGUIDE/EC+branded+harmonised+websites+design) |
| ECL (Europa component library) | [EC Footer component - Harmonised config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/ec/components/site-wide/site-footer/code/)                   |

---

The Harmonised footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary information about the partnerships.

## Anatomy

| Component                | Mandatory | Description                                                                                       |
| ------------------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| partnership label        | yes       | customisable label                                                                                |
| partnership logo         | no        | logo of the Partnerships involved. More than one can be added in front of the European Commission |
| European Commission logo | yes       | logo of the European Commission, always the last one on the right                                 |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one Footer per page

## When to use

- always use a Footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the Harmonised group 1 or 2
