src/website/src/pages/ec/harmonised-templates/footer/docs/group2.md, before:

---
title: Group 2
order: 2
---

import { Paragraph, Anatomy, Link } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">
  The Harmonised group 2 site footer is present on every page. It provides
  supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media,
  contact information and links to other important sections within the EC
  ecosystem, to be placed at the bottom of the page.
</Paragraph>

## Anatomy

<Anatomy
image="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/HarmonisedTemplate/harmonised-2-footer.png"
alt="Anatomy of harmonised group 2 footer"
legend={{
    items: [
      {
        color: '#404040',
        label: 'mandatory',
      },
      {
        color: '#004494',
        label: 'optional',
      },
    ],
  }}
system="ec"
selectedKind="components-footers-harmonised"
selectedStory="group-2"
/>

| Component          | Mandatory | Description                                                               |
| ------------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| corporate name     | yes       | european Commission - parent owner of the website                         |
| service navigation | yes       | contains services links - consistent throughout the family sites          |
| legal navigation   | yes       | contains legal information links - consistent throughout the family sites |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't add additional information that is not listed in the anatomy table above

## When to use

- always use a Footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the <Link to="/ec/standardised-template/">Standardised</Link> or <Link to="/ec/core-template/">Core</Link> category

Commit message:

feat(EC Usage pages for components): update EC Usage pages for components “ec_footer_harmonised_g2” (#2497)
Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS.

src/website/src/pages/ec/harmonised-templates/footer/docs/group2.md, after:

---
title: Group 2
order: 2
---
![](/cms-images/soon-to-be-deprecated-image.png)

### Notice

From release 3.3 onwards, the individual templates (Core, Standardised & Harmonised) can be found on the ECL **as configurations of the structurally merged components** (Site header, Page header & Footer), which now have a single, dedicated page. Concurrently, the EWG (Europa Web Guide) has also been updated to better accommodate information regarding the optionality of components & elements per site type. Please follow the corresponding links found in the table below for more information.

| Knowledge base                 | New location                                                                                                                                   |
| ------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| EWG (Europa web guide)         | [Guidelines for EC branded Harmonised websites - Footer(s)](https://wikis.ec.europa.eu/display/WEBGUIDE/EC+branded+harmonised+websites+design) |
| ECL (Europa component library) | [EC Footer component - Harmonised config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/ec/components/site-wide/site-footer/code/)                   |

---

The Harmonised group 2 site footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media, contact information and links to other important sections within the EC ecosystem, to be placed at the bottom of the page.

## Anatomy

| Component          | Mandatory | Description                                                               |
| ------------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| corporate name     | yes       | European Commission - parent owner of the website                         |
| service navigation | yes       | contains services links - consistent throughout the family sites          |
| legal navigation   | yes       | contains legal information links - consistent throughout the family sites |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't add additional information that is not listed in the anatomy table above

## When to use

- always use a Footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the Standardised or Core category
