src/website/src/pages/ec/core-template/page-header/docs/usage.md, before:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---

import { Paragraph, Anatomy, Link } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">
  The Core page header gives context and confidence to the users so they
  understand what the page is about. It is present on every page, to be placed
  just below the Site header.
</Paragraph>

## Anatomy

<Anatomy
image="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/Core/core-page-header.png"
alt="Anatomy of core page header"
legend={{
    items: [
      {
        color: '#404040',
        label: 'mandatory',
      },
      {
        color: '#004494',
        label: 'optional',
      },
    ],
  }}
/>

| Components                                                                          | Mandatory | Description                                                                                                      |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <Link to="/ec/components/navigation/breadcrumb/usage/" standalone>breadcrumb</Link> | no        | breadcrumb component provides information on the page and its relationship to the site's hierarchy and structure |
| meta                                                                                | no        | metadata related to the content of the page                                                                      |
| page title                                                                          | yes       | title of the page                                                                                                |
| introduction                                                                        | no        | short description of the page                                                                                    |

**NOTE**: Follow components' links above for individual information and guidelines

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one Page header per page
- don't use it on the Homepage, use a <Link to="/ec/components/banners/page-banner/usage/">Page banner</Link> instead

## When to use

- always use a Page header when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the <Link to="/ec/standardised-template/">Standardised</Link> or <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/group1/">Harmonised</Link> category

Commit message:

feat(Usage pages for components): update Usage pages for components “ec_page_header_core” (#2040)
Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS.

src/website/src/pages/ec/core-template/page-header/docs/usage.md, after:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
The page header component provides users the context of the page. It is always placed just below the site header. There are five variations of the page header.

Default as in the anatomy image

## Anatomy

>

![](/cms-images/core-page-header.png)

| Components                                                                          | Mandatory | Description                                                                                                      |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <Link to="/ec/components/navigation/breadcrumb/usage/" standalone>breadcrumb</Link> | no        | breadcrumb component provides information on the page and its relationship to the site's hierarchy and structure |
| meta                                                                                | no        | metadata related to the content of the page                                                                      |
| page title                                                                          | yes       | title of the page                                                                                                |
| introduction                                                                        | no        | short description of the page                                                                                    |

Page header with thumbnail

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_c_thumb_l_734px.png)

Page header with background image without overlay

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_c_image_l_734px.png)

Page header background image with light overlay

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_c_light_l_734px.png)

Page header background image with dark overlay

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_c_dark_l_734px.png)

## Do's

- ensure the pages contain all the components and elements in the anatomy table above
- always use a page header when building your page
- if choosing a background image, make sure it highlights the main object related to the content, and that it is clearly visible

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one page header per page
- do not choose a background image unless there is a communication need, as it might be a distraction

## When to use

- always use a page header when building your page
- Page header can be used on both landing and content pages

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the standardised category
