src/website/src/pages/eu/standardised-template/footer/docs/usage.md, before:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
The standardised footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media, contact information and links to other important sections within the EC ecosystem, to be placed at the bottom of the page.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/standardised-footer.jpg)

| Component                     | Mandatory | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ----------------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| site name                     | yes       | name of the site                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| content owner details         | yes       | indicates ownership over the site's content                                                                                                                                                                    |
| DG-related service navigation | optional  | links to the services the DG provides<br/>\* use a DG-related service navigation if there are any services that need extra exposure in the footer                                                              |
| other DG-related navigation   | optional  | provides the user with extra navigation related to the DG, link dependent on DG requirements<br/>\* use a Other DG-related navigation to list other pages that might benefit from extra exposure in the footer |
| class names                   | yes       | parent classes under which the DG falls                                                                                                                                                                        |
| corporate name                | yes       | European Commission - parent owner of the site                                                                                                                                                                 |
| service navigation            | yes       | contains services links - consistent throughout the family sites                                                                                                                                               |
| legal navigation              | yes       | contains legal information links - consistent throughout the family sites                                                                                                                                      |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above
- group items together in the local content and place under a title (such as "Contact us", "Related sites") if they can be grouped, otherwise use without title

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one footer per page

## When to use

- always use a footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the core category

Commit message:

feat(EU Usage pages for components): update EU Usage pages for components “eu_footer_standardised”

src/website/src/pages/eu/standardised-template/footer/docs/usage.md, after:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
(work in progress) The standardised footer is displayed at the bottom of every page in the website under the EU emblem. Corporate footer section is mandatory.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/eu_stand_footer.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                     | Mandatory | Optional |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | -------- |
| **Customised footer**                                                                                                                                                          | no        | yes      |
| **Corporate footer**<br />Links provide information such as contact information, disclaimers, legal content, social media and the list of EC institutions under the EU emblem. | yes       | no       |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain mandatory information in the above anatomy image

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one footer per page

## When to use

- always use a footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under a different category
