src/website/src/pages/ec/standardised-template/page-header/docs/usage.md, before:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
The page header component provides users the context of the page. It is always placed just below the site header. There are five variations of the page header.

The anatomy image is the default page header

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/standardised-page-header-1b.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Mandatory | Optional |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- |
| **Breadcrumb**<br />Breadcrumb component provides information on the page and its relationship to the site's hierarchy and structure.<br />It is optional if your website's navigational structure has less than 3 levels. | no        | yes      |
| **Meta**                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | no        | yes      |
| **Page title**                                                                                                                                                                                                             | yes       | no       |
| **Introduction**                                                                                                                                                                                                           | no        | yes      |

## Page header with thumbnail

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_st_thumb_l_734px.png)

## Page header with background image without overlay

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_stan_image_l_734px.png)

## Page header background image with light overlay

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_stan_light_l_734px.png)

## Page header background image with dark overlay

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_stan_dark_l_734px.png)

## Do's

- ensure the pages contain all the components and elements in the anatomy table above
- always use a page header when building your internal pages
- when choosing a background image, make sure it highlights the main object related to the content, and that it is meaningful

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one page header per page
- do not use a background image unless there is a communication need, as it might be a distraction

## When to use

- to highlight the topic of the page, or to show important information about the page

## When not to use

- page header is not used for homepage of the website

Commit message:

feat(EC Usage pages for components): update EC Usage pages for components “ec_page_header_standardised” (#2494)
Co-authored-by: vlad.omete <vlad.omete@ext.ec.europa.eu>

src/website/src/pages/ec/standardised-template/page-header/docs/usage.md, after:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
![](/cms-images/soon-to-be-deprecated-image.png)

### Notice

From release 3.3 onwards, the individual templates (Core, Standardised & Harmonised) can be found on the ECL **as configurations of the structurally merged components** (Site header, Page header & Footer), which now have a single, dedicated page. Concurrently, the EWG (Europa Web Guide) has also been updated to better accommodate information regarding the optionality of components & elements per site type. Please follow the corresponding links found in the table below for more information.

| Knowledge base                 | New location                                                                                                                                            |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| EWG (Europa web guide)         | [Guidelines for EC branded Standardised websites - Page header(s)](https://wikis.ec.europa.eu/display/WEBGUIDE/EC+branded+standardised+websites+design) |
| ECL (Europa component library) | [EC Page header component - Standardised config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/ec/components/page-header/usage/#standardised)                 |

---

The page header component provides users the context of the page. It is always placed just below the site header. There are five variations of the page header.

The anatomy image is the default page header

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/standardised-page-header-1b.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Mandatory | Optional |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- |
| **Breadcrumb**<br />Breadcrumb component provides information on the page and its relationship to the site's hierarchy and structure.<br />It is optional if your website's navigational structure has less than 3 levels. | no        | yes      |
| **Meta**                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | no        | yes      |
| **Page title**                                                                                                                                                                                                             | yes       | no       |
| **Introduction**                                                                                                                                                                                                           | no        | yes      |

## Page header with thumbnail

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_st_thumb_l_734px.png)

## Page header with background image without overlay

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_stan_image_l_734px.png)

## Page header background image with light overlay

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_stan_light_l_734px.png)

## Page header background image with dark overlay

![](/cms-images/ec_ph_stan_dark_l_734px.png)

## Do's

- ensure the pages contain all the components and elements in the anatomy table above
- always use a page header when building your internal pages
- when choosing a background image, make sure it highlights the main object related to the content, and that it is meaningful

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one page header per page
- do not use a background image unless there is a communication need, as it might be a distraction

## When to use

- to highlight the topic of the page, or to show important information about the page

## When not to use

- page header is not used for homepage of the website
