src/website/src/pages/ec/standardised-template/index.md, before:

---
order: 5
title: Standardised template
---
As defined, the European Commission branded standardised websites host thematic content detailing, for example, policies for which the owner DG/Agency is responsible. This is the default solution to host DG-specific content (policy) and is closely aligned with the core site, providing seamless navigation and visual consistency between the first levels of the core site and the DG-managed sites.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/standardised-template.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Mandatory | Optional             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------------- |
| **[Global banner](https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/fpfis/wikis/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=webtools&title=Global+banner)**<br />The global banner is the official EU stamp; the content on Europa comes genuinely from the EU                                                                            | yes       | For harmonised group |
| **[Site header](/ec/standardised-template/site-header/usage/)**<br />the standardised site header is present on every page. It communicates the European Commission brand and provides basic structure and guidance.                                                                                    | yes       | For harmonised group |
| **[Page header](/ec/standardised-template/page-header/usage/)**<br />The page header is composed of several mandatory and optional elements.                                                                                                                                                            | no        | yes                  |
| **[Footer](/ec/standardised-template/footer/usage/)**<br />The standardised footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media, contact information and links to other important sections within the European Commission ecosystem. | no        | yes                  |

## Do's

- use for all new developments or newly developed sites

## Don'ts

- do not replace pages only on existing websites as this will create visual inconsistencies, this must be done at a site level

## When to use

- when creating or updating sites that are managed by a separate DG

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the core category

Commit message:

feat(Europa family for EC): update Europa family for EC “ec_standardised_template” (#2471)
* feat(Europa family for EC): update Europa family for EC “ec_standardised_template”

* feat(Europa family for EC): update Europa family for EC “ec_standardised_template”

Co-authored-by: vlad.omete <vlad.omete@ext.ec.europa.eu>

src/website/src/pages/ec/standardised-template/index.md, after:

---
order: 5
title: Standardised template
---
![](/cms-images/screenshot-2022-04-13-at-11.40.03.png)

### Notice

From release 3.3 onwards, the individual templates (Core, Standardised & Harmonised) can be found on the ECL **as configurations of the structurally merged components** (Site header, Page header & Footer), which now have a single, dedicated page. Concurrently, the EWG (Europa Web Guide) has also been updated to better accommodate information regarding the optionality of components & elements per site type. Please follow the corresponding links found in the table below for more information.

| Knowledge base                 | New location                                                                                                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                               |                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ECL (Europa component library) | [EC Site header - Standardised config.](https://citnet.tech.ec.europa.eu/CITnet/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=1092071063https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/ec/components/site-header/usage/#standardised) | [EC Page header - Standardised config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/ec/components/page-header/usage/#standardised) | [EC Footer - Standardised config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/ec/components/footer/usage/#standardised) |
| EWG (Europa web guide)         | [Guidelines for EC branded Standardised websites](https://wikis.ec.europa.eu/display/WEBGUIDE/EC+branded+standardised+websites+design)                                                                                  |                                                                                                                               |                                                                                                                     |

As defined, the European Commission branded standardised websites host thematic content detailing, for example, policies for which the owner DG/Agency is responsible. This is the default solution to host DG-specific content (policy) and is closely aligned with the core site, providing seamless navigation and visual consistency between the first levels of the core site and the DG-managed sites.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/standardised-template.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Mandatory | Optional             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------------- |
| **[Global banner](https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/fpfis/wikis/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=webtools&title=Global+banner)**<br />The global banner is the official EU stamp; the content on Europa comes genuinely from the EU                                                                            | yes       | For harmonised group |
| **[Site header](/ec/standardised-template/site-header/usage/)**<br />the standardised site header is present on every page. It communicates the European Commission brand and provides basic structure and guidance.                                                                                    | yes       | For harmonised group |
| **[Page header](/ec/standardised-template/page-header/usage/)**<br />The page header is composed of several mandatory and optional elements.                                                                                                                                                            | no        | yes                  |
| **[Footer](/ec/standardised-template/footer/usage/)**<br />The standardised footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media, contact information and links to other important sections within the European Commission ecosystem. | no        | yes                  |

## Do's

- use for all new developments or newly developed sites

## Don'ts

- do not replace pages only on existing websites as this will create visual inconsistencies, this must be done at a site level

## When to use

- when creating or updating sites that are managed by a separate DG

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the core category
