src/website/src/pages/ec/components/site-wide/site-header/docs/usage.md, before:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
The standardised site header is present on every page. It communicates the European Commission brand and provides basic structure and guidance, to be placed at the top of the page.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/standardised-site-header.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                                     | Mandatory | Optional |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- |
| **European Commission logo**                                                                                                                                                                   | yes       | no       |
| **Language select**<br />Language select component through which users can select their desired language<br />\* use a Language select component if your website supports multilingual content | no        | yes      |
| **Europa search form**<br />Enables the user to search and retrieve related information from the database using keywords                                                                       | no        | yes      |
| **Class name**<br />Indicating the parent class under which the site falls                                                                                                                     | yes       | no       |
| **Site name**                                                                                                                                                                                  | yes       | no       |
| **Menu**                                                                                                                                                                                       | no        | yes      |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one site header per page

## When to use

- always use the appropriate site header when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under a different category of the Europa family

Commit message:

feat(EC Usage pages for components): update EC Usage pages for components “ec_site_header” (#2486)
Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS.

src/website/src/pages/ec/components/site-wide/site-header/docs/usage.md, after:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
The Site header offers easily recognisable elements (such as the logo) and the most essential functionality of every site (such as Language switcher or [Search form](https://ecl-preview-2241--europa-component-library.netlify.app/ec/components/forms/search-form/code/)). Additionally it can host the name of the site, the class name to which it belongs and the main navigation. The header is always placed at the top of the page.

The elements required in the site header are different depending wether it is the corporate, standardised or an harmonised website.

# Core config.

## Anatomy image

![](/cms-images/ec-site-header-core.png)

## Anatomy table

| No. | Element/component  | Usage     | Description                                                                                                                                                                |
| --- | ------------------ | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1.  | EC Identity (logo) | mandatory | Logo of the European Commission                                                                                                                                            |
| 2.  | Language switcher  | mandatory | Language select component through which users can select their desired language, on the left of the search form (\*only use if your website supports multilingual content) |
| 3.  | Search form        | mandatory | Enables the user to search and retrieve related information from using keywords                                                                                            |

# Standardised & harmonised config.

## Anatomy image

**Standardised**

![](/cms-images/ec-site-header-standardised.png)

**Harmonised**

![](/cms-images/ec-site-header-harmonised.png)

## Anatomy table

| No. | Element/component  | Standardised | Harmonised | Description                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| --- | ------------------ | ------------ | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1.  | EC Identity (logo) | mandatory    | mandatory  | Logo of the European Commission                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 2.  | Login              | optional     | optional   | Login component (\*use the Login component only if your website allows visitors to login)                                                                                                                |
| 3.  | Language switcher  | mandatory    | optional   | Language select component through which users can select their desired language, on the left of the search form (\*use a Language select component if your website supports multilingual content)        |
| 4.  | Search form        | mandatory    | optional   | Enables the user to search and retrieve related information from using keywords                                                                                                                          |
| 5.  | Class name         | mandatory    | optional   | Banner indicating the parent class under which the site falls (\*use a Class name component if the website you are creating or updating falls under one of the classes on the Commission Corporate site) |
| 6.  | Site name          | mandatory    | mandatory  | Name of the website                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| 7.  | Menu               | optional     | optional   | Main navigation of the website                                                                                                                                                                           |
