src/website/src/pages/eu/harmonised-template/footer/docs/usage.md, before:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
(work in progress) The harmonised footer is displayed at the bottom of every page in the website under the EU emblem. Corporate footer section is mandatory.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/eu_stand_footer.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                     | Mandatory | Optional |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | -------- |
| **Customised footer**                                                                                                                                                          | no        | yes      |
| **Corporate footer**<br />Links provide information such as contact information, disclaimers, legal content, social media and the list of EC institutions under the EU emblem. | yes       | no       |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain mandatory information in the above anatomy image

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one footer per page

## When to use

- always use a footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under a different category

Commit message:

feat(EU Usage pages for components): update EU Usage pages for components “eu_footer_harmonised” (#2508)
Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS.

src/website/src/pages/eu/harmonised-template/footer/docs/usage.md, after:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
![](/cms-images/screenshot-2022-04-13-at-11.40.03.png)

### Notice

From release 3.3 onwards, the individual templates (Core, Standardised & Harmonised) can be found on the ECL **as configurations of the structurally merged components** (Site header, Page header & Footer), which now have a single, dedicated page. Concurrently, the EWG (Europa Web Guide) has also been updated to better accommodate information regarding the optionality of components & elements per site type. Please follow the corresponding links found in the table below for more information.

| Knowledge base                 | New location                                                                                                                                |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| EWG (Europa web guide)         | [Guidelines for EU branded Harmonised sites - Footer(s)](https://wikis.ec.europa.eu/display/WEBGUIDE/EU+branded+harmonised+websites+design) |
| ECL (Europa component library) | [EU Footer component - Harmonised config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/eu/components/footer/usage/#harmonised)                   |

---

The harmonised footer is displayed at the bottom of every page in the website under the EU emblem. Corporate footer section is mandatory.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/eu_stand_footer.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                     | Mandatory | Optional |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | -------- |
| **Customised footer**                                                                                                                                                          | no        | yes      |
| **Corporate footer**<br />Links provide information such as contact information, disclaimers, legal content, social media and the list of EC institutions under the EU emblem. | yes       | no       |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain mandatory information in the above anatomy image

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one footer per page

## When to use

- always use a footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under a different category
