src/implementations/twig/components/description-list/README.md, before:

# ECL Description list component

npm package: `@ecl/twig-component-description-list`

```shell
npm install --save @ecl/twig-component-description-list
```

### Parameters

- **"items"** (array) (default: [])
  - "term" (string or array of string)
  - "definition" (string or array of string)
- **"variant"** (optional) (string) (default: '') Modifier of the component
- **"extra_classes"** (optional) (string) (default: '') Extra classes (space separated)
- **"extra_attributes"** (optional) (array) (default: []) Extra attributes
  - "name" (string) Attribute name, eg. 'data-test'
  - "value" (string) Attribute value, eg: 'data-test-1'

### Example:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```twig
{% include '@ecl/description-list/description-list.html.twig' with { 
  variant: 'horizontal',
  items: [
    { 
      term: 'European Commission', 
      definition: 
        'The executive body of the European Union formed in 1967, which initiates action in the EU and mediates between member governments. Former name (until 1993): Commission of the European Communities' 
    }, 
    { 
      term: ['European Union', 'EU'], 
      definition: 
        'An association of European nations formed in 1993 for the purpose of achieving political and economic integration.' 
    }, 
    { 
      term: 'Citizen', 
      definition: [ 
        'A native or naturalized member of a state or nation who owes allegiance to its government and is entitled to its protection', 
        'An inhabitant of a city or town, especially one entitled to its privileges or franchises.' 
      ] 
    } 
  ] 
} %}
```

Commit message:

feat(taxonomies): Adding taxonomy variant in description list, including list in card and file - FRONT-2039 (#1930)

src/implementations/twig/components/description-list/README.md, after:

# ECL Description list component

npm package: `@ecl/twig-component-description-list`

```shell
npm install --save @ecl/twig-component-description-list
```

### Parameters

- **"items"** (array) (default: [])
  - "term" (string or array of string)
  - "definition" (string or array of string or array of objects of type "tag")
- **"variant"** (optional) (string) (default: '') Modifier of the component (horizontal, vertical, taxonomy)
- **"extra_classes"** (optional) (string) (default: '') Extra classes (space separated)
- **"extra_attributes"** (optional) (array) (default: []) Extra attributes
  - "name" (string) Attribute name, eg. 'data-test'
  - "value" (string) Attribute value, eg: 'data-test-1'

### Example:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```twig
{% include '@ecl/description-list/description-list.html.twig' with { 
  variant: 'horizontal',
  items: [
    { 
      term: 'European Commission', 
      definition: 
        'The executive body of the European Union formed in 1967, which initiates action in the EU and mediates between member governments. Former name (until 1993): Commission of the European Communities' 
    }, 
    { 
      term: ['European Union', 'EU'], 
      definition: 
        'An association of European nations formed in 1993 for the purpose of achieving political and economic integration.' 
    }, 
    { 
      term: 'Citizen', 
      definition: [ 
        'A native or naturalized member of a state or nation who owes allegiance to its government and is entitled to its protection', 
        'An inhabitant of a city or town, especially one entitled to its privileges or franchises.' 
      ] 
    } 
  ] 
} %}
```
