src/website/src/pages/ec/resources/glossary/index.md, before:

---
order: 1
title: Glossary
---

## Accessibility

Web accessibility is a set of design and development guidelines and regulations allowing users to see, understand and interact with web sites, no matter what technical resources are used, and no matter what age or disabilities they have. Web sites need to be designed and developed so that all users can access the information.

## Components

Components are elements necessary to build a website; think of components as building/Lego blocks in webpages. For example: buttons, lists, timeline.

## Content Type

In Drupal, a Content Type is a pre-defined collection of data types (Fields) which relate to each other by an informational context. In this sense, "context" means "parts that should be considered as a correlated whole."

## CMS

CMS stands for Content Management System. It provides capabilities for multiple users with different permission levels to manage (all or a section of) content, data or information of a website project, or internet / intranet application.
A CMS separates content from the design and functionality of the site, and it also makes it easier for content to be added to the site for users who aren’t developers or designers.

## Design System

A design system is a library of visual style and components designed, documented and released as reusable code for developers and designers. A design system also provides guidance on accessibility, page layout, styles, and branding.

## Mockup

Mockup it the final design of the website or application. However, it is usually neither interactive nor clickable. It demonstrates basic functionality, represent information structure, and visualize content in a static way. It allows people to review the visual aspect of the project.

## Page Layout

Page Layout is consisted of templates with components with real representative content in place.

## Prototype

Prototype is the last stage before design work begins. Designers use this opportunity to test their efforts, to discover problems during the flow of interaction and journey flow.

## Responsiveness

Responsive means that a web pages renders well and provides optimal viewing across devices and window or screen sizes.

## Templates

Templates are page-level objects that place components into a layout and articulate the design’s underlying content structure. Templates focus on the page’s underlying content structure rather than the page’s final content. Templates bring all the necessary page components functioning together.

## Wireframe

A wireframe is a simple visual scheme which represents a layout of a screen or page of a digital product such as a website or application. They are often compared to architectural blueprints since a wireframe is usually a monochromatic illustration which shows the structure of a screen. Also, designers can use bright marks or spots to outline specific areas or design elements. There are three types of wireframes: low-fidelity, medium-fidelity, and high-fidelity.

Commit message:

feat(EC Reources): update EC Reources “ec_resources_glossary”

src/website/src/pages/ec/resources/glossary/index.md, after:

---
order: 1
title: Glossary
---
## Accessibility

Web accessibility is a set of design and development guidelines used for designing websites. Making websites that are accessible to everyone is part of the European Commission Directive. For more information: https://digital-strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/policies/web-accessibility

## Components

Components are reusable building blocks necessary to design a website. For example: breadcrumbs, buttons, lists, and paginations.

## Content Type

A content type is a reusable template in a Content Management System (CMS). It allows you to add content to their website in a structured and consistent way. Fields available in a given content type are defined according to what research and analysis have identified as commonly needed.

## Design System

A design system is a library of visual guidelines and reusable components for developers and designers to create websites.

## Mockup

It is a draft of the proposed web pages for visual reviews and adaptations. Usually there are more completed navigation concepts and possible layouts before the design is finalised.

## Prototype

Prototype is the last stage of the design showing all features, functionalities and visual styles. It is less costly if there are changes or updates required before the final design is implemented.

## Responsiveness

Responsiveness means that web pages can be scaled from handheld devices to desktop displays. It provides best user experiences across as many devices as possible.

## Templates

Templates are page layouts consist of components and underlying content structure. They are the basic structure to create cohesive designs.

## Wireframe

A wireframe is usually a low fidelity sketch of a concept at the early stage of website design process. Details of the design are not decided. It is one step before mockup is being created.
