src/website/src/pages/ec/harmonised-templates/docs/group1.mdx, before:

---
title: Group 1
order: 1
---

import { Paragraph, List, Anatomy, Link } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">
  On this page you will find information related to the European Commission
  branded <strong>Harmonised group 1 websites</strong> that host specific
  content that answers a particular communication purpose, in particular:
</Paragraph>

<List size="lead">
  <li>
    <strong>Web information systems</strong> - Providing a user-friendly
    interface to generate, disclose and/or filter large, detailed amounts of
    data stored in different systems
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Network websites</strong> - Websites or platforms set up and managed
    by the European Commission (as a service provider) to encourage and
    facilitate interaction among a specific, non European Commission target
    audience
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Internal policy websites</strong> - Providing information on
    internal working methods of the EU institutions, standards and guidelines.
    Resources for institutions’ employees, partners and service providers
  </li>
</List>

## Anatomy

<Anatomy
  image="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/HarmonisedTemplate/harmonised-1-template.png"
  alt="Anatomy of the harmonised template - group 1"
  legend={{
    items: [
      {
        color: '#404040',
        label: 'mandatory',
      },
      {
        color: '#004494',
        label: 'optional',
      },
    ],
  }}
/>

| Elements                                                                                                           | Mandatory | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <Link to="https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/fpfis/wikis/display/webtools/Global+banner" standalone>global banner</Link> | yes       | the Global banner is the official EU stamp that gives a visual indicator and easy access to EU institutions and bodies sites, guaranteeing the user visits an official EU website                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/site-header/group1/" standalone>harmonised site header</Link>                   | yes       | <p>the Harmonised site header is present on every page. It communicates the European Commission brand and provides basic structure and guidance. The site header is composed of several mandatory and optional elements such as:</p><ul><li>European Commission logo</li><li>Login</li><li>Language select</li><li>Europa search form</li><li>Class name</li><li>Site name</li><li>Menu</li></ul> |
| <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/page-header/group1/" standalone>harmonised page header</Link>                   | yes       | <p>the Harmonised page header gives context and information to the user on what the page is about. It is present on every page, just below the site header, except for the homepage. The page header is composed of mandatory and optional elements such as:</p><ul><li>Breadcrumb</li><li>Meta</li><li>Page title</li><li>Introduction</li></ul>                                                 |
| <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/footer/group1/" standalone>harmonised footer</Link>                             | yes       | <p>the Harmonised footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media, contact information and links to other important sections within the European Commission ecosystem. The footer is composed of mandatory and optional elements such as:</p><ul><li>Local content</li><li>Corporate content</li></ul>                     |

**NOTE**: On the Page body section, when components are available, use components from ECL.

## Structural anatomy

When designing the page, make sure to follow appropriate category guidelines available below in terms of structure and layout

| Elements                                                           | Mandatory     | Description                                                             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <Link to="/ec/utilities/grid/" standalone>grid</Link>              | recommended   | enhance visual consistency                                              |
| <Link to="/ec/guidelines/colours/" standalone>colours</Link>       | recommended   | use only European Commission colour specifications available in the ECL |
| <Link to="/ec/guidelines/typography/" standalone>typography</Link> | recommended   | apply the typographic guidelines available in the ECL                   |
| <Link to="/ec/guidelines/spacing/" standalone>spacing</Link>       | recommended   | apply spacing rules explained in the ECL                                |
| <Link to="/ec/guidelines/iconography/" standalone>icons</Link>     | optional | where icons feature, use commonly-used icons from the ECL               |
| <Link to="/ec/guidelines/images/" standalone>images</Link>         | optional | see image guidelines in ECL                                             |


## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- do not replace pages only on existing websites as this will create visual inconsistencies, this must be done at a site level

## When to use

- the Harmonised template must be used for all new development and can also be introduced on existing pages to replace a previous template, but this should be done on a site basis, not page by page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the <Link to="/ec/core-template/">Core</Link> or <Link to="/ec/standardised-template/">Standardised</Link> category
- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under events, campaigns or blogs - use <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/group2/">Harmonised Group 2</Link> instead

Commit message:

feat(docs): Harmon-g1-index (#1967)
Edited text to make mandatory/optional more obvious to users in the site header section.

src/website/src/pages/ec/harmonised-templates/docs/group1.mdx, after:

---
title: Group 1
order: 1
---

import { Paragraph, List, Anatomy, Link } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">
  On this page you will find information related to the European Commission
  branded <strong>Harmonised group 1 websites</strong> that host specific
  content that answers a particular communication purpose, in particular:
</Paragraph>

<List size="lead">
  <li>
    <strong>Web information systems</strong> - Providing a user-friendly
    interface to generate, disclose and/or filter large, detailed amounts of
    data stored in different systems
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Network websites</strong> - Websites or platforms set up and managed
    by the European Commission (as a service provider) to encourage and
    facilitate interaction among a specific, non European Commission target
    audience
  </li>
  <li>
    <strong>Internal policy websites</strong> - Providing information on
    internal working methods of the EU institutions, standards and guidelines.
    Resources for institutions’ employees, partners and service providers
  </li>
</List>

## Anatomy

<Anatomy
  image="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/HarmonisedTemplate/harmonised-1-template.png"
  alt="Anatomy of the harmonised template - group 1"
  legend={{
    items: [
      {
        color: '#404040',
        label: 'mandatory',
      },
      {
        color: '#004494',
        label: 'optional',
      },
    ],
  }}
/>

| Elements                                                                                                           | Mandatory | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <Link to="https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/fpfis/wikis/display/webtools/Global+banner" standalone>global banner</Link> | yes       | the Global banner is the official EU stamp that gives a visual indicator and easy access to EU institutions and bodies sites, guaranteeing the user visits an official EU website                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/site-header/group1/" standalone>harmonised site header</Link>                   | yes       | <p>the Harmonised site header is present on every page. It communicates the European Commission brand and provides basic structure and guidance. The site header includes the following elements:</p><ul><li>European Commission logo</li><li>Login</li><li>Language select</li><li>Europa search form</li><li>Class name</li><li>Site name</li><li>Menu</li></ul>More about which element is mandatory or optional, see <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/site-header/group1/" standalone>harmonised site header group 1</Link>. |
| <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/page-header/group1/" standalone>harmonised page header</Link>                   | yes       | <p>the Harmonised page header gives context and information to the user on what the page is about. It is present on every page, just below the site header, except for the homepage. The page header is composed of mandatory and optional elements such as:</p><ul><li>Breadcrumb</li><li>Meta</li><li>Page title</li><li>Introduction</li></ul>                                                 |
| <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/footer/group1/" standalone>harmonised footer</Link>                             | yes       | <p>the Harmonised footer is present on every page. It provides supplementary information such as copyright, legal, privacy, social media, contact information and links to other important sections within the European Commission ecosystem. The footer is composed of mandatory and optional elements such as:</p><ul><li>Local content</li><li>Corporate content</li></ul>                     |

**NOTE**: On the Page body section, when components are available, use components from ECL.

## Structural anatomy

When designing the page, make sure to follow appropriate category guidelines available below in terms of structure and layout

| Elements                                                           | Mandatory     | Description                                                             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <Link to="/ec/utilities/grid/" standalone>grid</Link>              | recommended   | enhance visual consistency                                              |
| <Link to="/ec/guidelines/colours/" standalone>colours</Link>       | recommended   | use only European Commission colour specifications available in the ECL |
| <Link to="/ec/guidelines/typography/" standalone>typography</Link> | recommended   | apply the typographic guidelines available in the ECL                   |
| <Link to="/ec/guidelines/spacing/" standalone>spacing</Link>       | recommended   | apply spacing rules explained in the ECL                                |
| <Link to="/ec/guidelines/iconography/" standalone>icons</Link>     | optional | where icons feature, use commonly-used icons from the ECL               |
| <Link to="/ec/guidelines/images/" standalone>images</Link>         | optional | see image guidelines in ECL                                             |


## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- do not replace pages only on existing websites as this will create visual inconsistencies, this must be done at a site level

## When to use

- the Harmonised template must be used for all new development and can also be introduced on existing pages to replace a previous template, but this should be done on a site basis, not page by page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under the <Link to="/ec/core-template/">Core</Link> or <Link to="/ec/standardised-template/">Standardised</Link> category
- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under events, campaigns or blogs - use <Link to="/ec/harmonised-templates/group2/">Harmonised Group 2</Link> instead
