src/website/src/pages/eu/harmonised-template/index.md, before:

---
order: 5
title: Harmonised template
---
## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/eu_standardised_1140.png)

| Components                                                                                                               | Mandatory | Option                                                |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| **Global banner**<br />The global banner is the official EU stamp; the content on Europa comes genuinely from the EU     | Yes       | No                                                    |
| **Site header**                                                                                                          | yes       | See standardised site header for detailed information |
| **Page header**<br />The page header is composed of several mandatory and optional elements                              | yes       | See standardised page header for detailed information |
| **Footer**<br />The standardised footer is present on every page. It contains the corporate footer and customised footer | yes       | Customised footer                                     |

## Do's

- WIP

## Don'ts

- WIP

## When to use

- WIP

## When not to use

- WIP

Commit message:

feat(Europa family for EU): update Europa family for EU “eu_harmonised_template” (#2477)
Co-authored-by: vlad.omete <vlad.omete@ext.ec.europa.eu>

src/website/src/pages/eu/harmonised-template/index.md, after:

---
order: 5
title: Harmonised template
---
![](/cms-images/screenshot-2022-04-13-at-11.40.03.png)

### Notice

From release 3.3 onwards, the individual templates (Core, Standardised & Harmonised) can be found on the ECL **as configurations of the structurally merged components** (Site header, Page header & Footer), which now have a single, dedicated page. Concurrently, the EWG (Europa Web Guide) has also been updated to better accommodate information regarding the optionality of components & elements per site type. Please follow the corresponding links found in the table below for more information.

| Knowledge base                 | New location                                                                                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                                           |                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ECL (Europa component library) | [EU Site header - Core config.](https://citnet.tech.ec.europa.eu/CITnet/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=1092071063https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/eu/components/site-header/usage/#harmonised) | [EU Page header - Harmonised config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/eu/components/page-header/usage/#harmonised) | [EU Footer - Harmonised config.](https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/eu/components/footer/usage/#harmonised) |
| EWG (Europa web guide)         | [Guidelines for EU branded Harmonised sites](https://wikis.ec.europa.eu/display/WEBGUIDE/EU+branded+harmonised+websites+design)                                                                               |                                                                                                                           |                                                                                                                 |

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/eu_standardised_1140.png)

| Components                                                                                                               | Mandatory | Option                                                |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| **Global banner**<br />The global banner is the official EU stamp; the content on Europa comes genuinely from the EU     | Yes       | No                                                    |
| **Site header**                                                                                                          | yes       | See standardised site header for detailed information |
| **Page header**<br />The page header is composed of several mandatory and optional elements                              | yes       | See standardised page header for detailed information |
| **Footer**<br />The standardised footer is present on every page. It contains the corporate footer and customised footer | yes       | Customised footer                                     |

## Do's

- WIP

## Don'ts

- WIP

## When to use

- WIP

## When not to use

- WIP
