src/website/src/pages/ec/components/banners/hero-banner/docs/usage.md, before:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
A Hero banner displays the main message of the page, along with additional information and a clear action, if needed. They are a good way to inform users of the main goal of a certain page, such as registering to an event or applying for funding. They have an aspect-ratio of 3:1.

## Do's

- always use a short, distinct and indicative heading
- select anappropriate image, that is of high quality, suggestive, complementary and relevant for the related content
- keep in mind the font-to-background contrast ratio, this improves a page's readability (e.g. dark backgrounds - white text / light backgrounds - black text)
- if using an image banner, make sure the highlight or main object within the image is visible (text alignment & variants, see <Link to="/playground/ec/?path=/story/components-banners-hero-banner--image-box">playground</Link>)

## Don'ts

- do not use the content-width variant next to a full-width element (such as the header & footer)
- do not choose an image that could be visually intrusive or overwhelming in terms of elements
- do not display more than 1 call to action per page
- do not use more than 1 banner per section (either underneath the site header, inside the content area or just above the footer)
- do not opt for centre font-alignment, unless your content already has the centre-aligned property

## When to use it

- when you need to promote or convey an important message to the user
- use on homepage or landing pages

## When not to use it

- do not use on Core, Standardised and Harmonised (group 1 & 3) sites - use <Link to="/ec/components/banners/page-banner/usage/">Page banner instead</Link>

Commit message:

feat(EC Usage pages for components): update EC Usage pages for components “ec_hero_banner”

src/website/src/pages/ec/components/banners/hero-banner/docs/usage.md, after:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
A hero banner displays the main message of the page, along with additional information and a clear action, if needed. They are a good way to inform users of the main goal of a certain page, such as registering to an event or applying for funding. They have an aspect-ratio of 3:1.

## Do's

- always use a short, distinct and indicative heading
- select an appropriate image, that is high quality, suggestive, complementary and relevant for the related content
- keep in mind the font-to-background contrast ratio, this improves a page's readability (e.g. dark backgrounds - white text / light backgrounds - black text)
- make sure the highlight or main object within the image is visible (text alignment & variants, see examples in [playground](/playground/ec/?path=/story/components-banners-hero-banner--primary)

## Don'ts

- do not use the content-width variant next to a full-width element (such as the header & footer)
- do not choose an image that could be visually intrusive or overwhelming in terms of elements
- do not display more than one call to action per page
- do not use more than one banner per section (either underneath the site header, inside the content area or just above the footer)
- do not opt for centre font-alignment, unless your content already has the centre-aligned property

## When to use it

- when you need to promote or convey an important message to the user
- use on homepage or landing pages

## When not to use it

- do not use on content pages
