src/website/src/pages/eu/core-template/footer/docs/usage.md, before:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
The core footer is present is displayed at the bottom of every page in the europa.eu website. Links provide information such as contact information, disclaimers, legal content, social media and the list of EC institutions under the EU emblem.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/eu_core_footer.png)

| Component                                                             | Mandatory | Option |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------ |
| **Site name**<br/>Site name and content owner details                 | yes       | no     |
| **EU institutions**<br/>Provide the users the list of EU institutions | yes       | no     |
| **Contact, social media and legal navigation**                        | yes       | no     |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one footer per page

## When to use

- always use a footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under a different category

Commit message:

feat(EU Usage pages for components): update EU Usage pages for components “eu_footer_core” (#2505)
Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS.

src/website/src/pages/eu/core-template/footer/docs/usage.md, after:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
![](/cms-images/screenshot-2022-04-13-at-11.40.03.png)

### Notice

From release 3.3 onwards, the individual templates (Core, Standardised & Harmonised) can be found on the ECL **as configurations of the structurally merged components** (Site header, Page header & Footer), which now have a single, dedicated page. Concurrently, the EWG (Europa Web Guide) has also been updated to better accommodate information regarding the optionality of components & elements per site type. Please follow the corresponding links found in the table below for more information.

| Knowledge base                 | New location                                                                                                                                   |
| ------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| EWG (Europa web guide)         | [Guidelines for EU branded Core websites - Footer(s)](https://wikis.ec.europa.eu/display/WEBGUIDE/EU+branded+core+website+design)              |
| ECL (Europa component library) | [EU Footer component - Core config.](https://ecl-preview-2505--europa-component-library.netlify.app/eu/components/site-wide/site-footer/code/) |

---

The core footer is present is displayed at the bottom of every page in the europa.eu website. Links provide information such as contact information, disclaimers, legal content, social media and the list of EC institutions under the EU emblem.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/eu_core_footer.png)

| Component                                                             | Mandatory | Option |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------ |
| **Site name**<br/>Site name and content owner details                 | yes       | no     |
| **EU institutions**<br/>Provide the users the list of EU institutions | yes       | no     |
| **Contact, social media and legal navigation**                        | yes       | no     |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one footer per page

## When to use

- always use a footer when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under a different category
