src/website/src/pages/ec/standardised-template/site-header/docs/usage.md, before:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
The standardised site header is present on every page. It communicates the European Commission brand and provides basic structure and guidance, to be placed at the top of the page.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/standardised-site-header.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                                     | Mandatory | Optional |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- |
| **European Commission logo**                                                                                                                                                                   | yes       | no       |
| **Language select**<br />Language select component through which users can select their desired language<br />\* use a Language select component if your website supports multilingual content | no        | yes      |
| **Europa search form**<br />Enables the user to search and retrieve related information from the database using keywords                                                                       | no        | yes      |
| **Class name**<br />Indicating the parent class under which the site falls                                                                                                                     | yes       | no       |
| **Site name**                                                                                                                                                                                  | yes       | no       |
| **Menu**                                                                                                                                                                                       | no        | yes      |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one site header per page

## When to use

- always use the appropriate site header when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under a different category of the Europa family

Commit message:

feat(EC Usage pages for components): update EC Usage pages for components “ec_site_header_standardised” (#2495)
Co-authored-by: vlad.omete <vlad.omete@ext.ec.europa.eu>

src/website/src/pages/ec/standardised-template/site-header/docs/usage.md, after:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---
![](/cms-images/soon-to-be-deprecated-image.png)

### Notice

From release 3.3 onwards, the individual templates (Core, Standardised & Harmonised) can be found on the ECL **as configurations of the structurally merged components** (Site header, Page header & Footer), which now have a single, dedicated page. Concurrently, the EWG (Europa Web Guide) has also been updated to better accommodate information regarding the optionality of components & elements per site type. Please follow the corresponding links found in the table below for more information.

| Knowledge base                 | New location                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| EWG (Europa web guide)         | [Guidelines for EC branded Standardised websites - Site header(s)](https://wikis.ec.europa.eu/display/WEBGUIDE/EC+branded+standardised+websites+design)                                                                           |
| ECL (Europa component library) | [EC Site header component - Standardised config.](https://citnet.tech.ec.europa.eu/CITnet/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=1092071063https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/ec/components/site-header/usage/#standardised) |

---

The standardised site header is present on every page. It communicates the European Commission brand and provides basic structure and guidance, to be placed at the top of the page.

## Anatomy

![](/cms-images/standardised-site-header.png)

| Components                                                                                                                                                                                     | Mandatory | Optional |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- |
| **European Commission logo**                                                                                                                                                                   | yes       | no       |
| **Language select**<br />Language select component through which users can select their desired language<br />\* use a Language select component if your website supports multilingual content | no        | yes      |
| **Europa search form**<br />Enables the user to search and retrieve related information from the database using keywords                                                                       | no        | yes      |
| **Class name**<br />Indicating the parent class under which the site falls                                                                                                                     | yes       | no       |
| **Site name**                                                                                                                                                                                  | yes       | no       |
| **Menu**                                                                                                                                                                                       | no        | yes      |

## Do's

- make sure the pages contain all the elements in the anatomy table above

## Don'ts

- don't use more than one site header per page

## When to use

- always use the appropriate site header when building your page

## When not to use

- do not follow these guidelines when you are updating sites that fall under a different category of the Europa family
