src/website/src/pages/ec/components/blockquote/docs/usage.mdx, before:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---

import { Paragraph, Anatomy } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">
  The Block Quote component is used when citing any source.
</Paragraph>

## Anatomy

<Anatomy
  image="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/Blockquote/Blockquote%20-%20Desktop.png"
  srcset="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/Blockquote/Blockquote%20-%20Mobile.png 598w, https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/Blockquote/Blockquote%20-%20Desktop.png 1246w"
  alt="Anatomy of blockquotes"
  legend={{
    items: [
      {
        color: '#404040',
        label: 'mandatory',
      },
      {
        color: '#004494',
        label: 'optional',
      },
    ],
  }}
/>

| Elements | Mandatory | Description                  |
| -------- | --------- | ---------------------------- |
| quote    | yes       | actual quote                 |
| source   | yes       | source which is being quoted |

## Do's

- always name the source
- limit the quote to one paragraph

## Don'ts

- do not add rich text formatting (such as images, videos, etc)

## When to use

- always use when quoting a source

## When not to use

- do not use to simply emphasise text

Commit message:

feat(docs): Update blockquotes usage page
Edit content

src/website/src/pages/ec/components/blockquote/docs/usage.mdx, after:

---
title: Usage
order: 1
---

import { Paragraph, Anatomy } from '@ecl/website-components';

<Paragraph size="lead">
The blockquotes component is used to capture users' attention of an excerpt, testimonial, or a quote cited from the article or other sources. The design style makes the quoted section more distinguishable than the rest of the content in the web page.
</Paragraph>

## Anatomy

<Anatomy
  image="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/Blockquote/Blockquote%20-%20Desktop.png"
  srcset="https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/Blockquote/Blockquote%20-%20Mobile.png 598w, https://inno-ecl.s3.amazonaws.com/media/images/EC/Blockquote/Blockquote%20-%20Desktop.png 1246w"
  alt="Anatomy of blockquotes"
  legend={{
    items: [
      {
        color: '#404040',
        label: 'mandatory',
      },
      {
        color: '#004494',
        label: 'optional',
      },
    ],
  }}
/>

| Elements | Mandatory | Description                  |
| -------- | --------- | ---------------------------- |
| quote    | yes       | actual quote                 |
| source   | yes       | source which is being quoted |

## Do's

- always name the source of the quoted content
- limit the quote to one paragraph, keep it short

## Don'ts

- do not apply the blockquotes components more than 2 times in a webpage

## When to use

- for quoting something important

## When not to use

- for the purpose of emphasising text style
